hi I finally came back later
millennia the land remains a few days
then the move is going well but
maybe you hear I read why the room is
almost empty in fact we have to dismantle
all the furniture because tomorrow we paint
and I decided to make this video because
actually I don't know if I'll be able to do it
others before leaving because we are leaving
in 3 4 days
I do n't think we will see the first one
was the last video from Italy and I have
decided to make a little video for
point tell me how good it was and make you
see some favorite necklaces among
the other an hour race also of the
girls at the end video I will pay them
because I'd like to know if they have
of necklaces in short from the fifth
breathing let 's say the necklaces like
even the earrings are a bit of
accessories that suit him in fact
he has enough
I decided to show me mine
favorite without thinking about summer
spring and winter just for
example that not all those I had
here and monster sails and then I split
a bit for colors I would start with those
darker perhaps more winter then from the
older fishing was already showing
another video I bought it they have
donated instead and it is a necklace made with
kubicki with or dark and I find it very much
nice I like them and I think you will see the
the necklaces that show you the necklaces
very very graphic and geometric
linear this is really rape me me
really like it
then another dark one I bought from
this is little
very very minimal even this with
this pendant made that then horn
these make her a madrid artist
and in short, there is a retailer
with all these creations by
this artist I always go to look at them
because they are beautiful there
another dark one but it will be spring
because they run it from the centers recently
so I guess it's inside
of the spring collection though
colors are not really spring is
this is what you see here too
lines just lines her mom and likes
this is this geometric style here and
sometimes these colors could
feel good about everything I like
very much also the bow behind it is made
it closes with the very nice flock
then other super minimal
this is a gold chain though of
those snake-like notched to you not
I absolutely know the technical yellow mi
sorry that then ends with this
ball of red stones
behold, it should be put that is
also wear tie type there
should stand up like this around the neck and
stop longer so you see it actually is
broken entry mechanism twenty
they no longer keep slipping
down however also kept with the pen
read at the bottom I find this delicious
give her to me fano husband another okay
that just channel jewelery and it is not
this is what it is about the precious metal
this leaf to the milan of I do n't know that
excessive thing that cries because wanting
come here for has I do fast
this video then evaluated but wants
they absolutely are quality and this is it
a guy's name is filippo e
they put you down a link because he is
very good knows he does all these
cute little gems or many earrings
and his boys from Verona and also does
furniture is called rabat its creation
let's say if they are called the barton
however I put you in degrees everyone is
villas links to go see it
then other super minimal that he had done
I have pity now these are
then the ruler of the same pinterest mi
it seems that I find it so cute because there is a
thread that you can hardly see and then this
trivial Lorraine friend I am made both
the announcement blacks already for the gray ones
Well every now and then I put them there at
moment often because so on a
sweater that says nothing
did you know lights up for me?
like a lot like I did and then the
last 2 op
the one I have around my neck than the version
yellow and the white version does a little
slab noise parts hundred is worth nothing
in short, like the necklace value
I find it bright
and which I do not know what about the more out there
like both astra and yellow because
yellow is one of the favorite colors then
they could not from the last yellow one
What makes me see is a bit of this
genre that is in fashion now I wait
others got stuck
we did it and it's this girl
don't let us show you the
This stand where this has a lot
winter as well as colors a little bit
turned off for at the same time bright
this is also what I really like and
I willingly wear it so who discount
not my selection of necklaces I
would like to see federica then
small children of course the stair suites if
ask why she's not just at a store
online makes beautiful jewelery then
maybe to some so a new from
let us see and I hope to take off the
finger is because I'm really curious about
half of the latest news on
necklaces that it has therefore end has never been for
case in the average life this video e
I wanted to free your colleagues
favorite of the period I would be very
happy and then two other girls I would like
sea ​​that did stadium and anastasia e
the other beard
I put you under their channels are of
girls who tell this channel
youtube and with which I am very well
so I would be curious to see
even their favorite necklaces vi
greeting
I don't know, I'll see you in America
probably or if I can do you
make another quick video before leaving
but I couldn't even do video
because here I am almost nothing to show you
you also do not know we are a bit taken
from the bombs as they say so I know
that if we see each other overseas in one
week and pass by a laden because now
that in short, we settle the least
once we should buy all the
assemble furniture I know that will pass a
a little bit of time though once back
and it is produced for making videos is in
full of videos bet me hello